fix(genapi): fix deployment availability during node update (#6706)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/how-to/configure-autoscaling.mdx

    </Message>
7. Click **Update node count** to update the number of nodes in your deployment.
    <Message type="note">

>       The new node update may take 15-30 minutes to be deployed depending on the model size. Your deployment will remain available during the node count update. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Changes may take 15-30 minutes to apply depending on the model size. Your deployment will be unavailable during the process. 
```
